Reference.md, before:



## Visual Studio ProjectType GUIDs


|:----------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------:|               
| ASP.NET MVC 1	                                | {603C0E0B-DB56-11DC-BE95-000D561079B0} |
| ASP.NET MVC 2	                                | {F85E285D-A4E0-4152-9332-AB1D724D3325} |
| ASP.NET MVC 3	                                | {E53F8FEA-EAE0-44A6-8774-FFD645390401} |
| ASP.NET MVC 4	                                | {E3E379DF-F4C6-4180-9B81-6769533ABE47} |
| ASP.NET MVC 5	                                | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| C#	                                        | {FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC} |
| C++	                                        | {8BC9CEB8-8B4A-11D0-8D11-00A0C91BC942} |
| Database	                                    | {A9ACE9BB-CECE-4E62-9AA4-C7E7C5BD2124} |
| Database (other project types)	            | {4F174C21-8C12-11D0-8340-0000F80270F8} |
| Deployment Cab	                            | {3EA9E505-35AC-4774-B492-AD1749C4943A} |
| Deployment Merge Module	                    | {06A35CCD-C46D-44D5-987B-CF40FF872267} |
| Deployment Setup	                            | {978C614F-708E-4E1A-B201-565925725DBA} |
| Deployment Smart Device Cab	                | {AB322303-2255-48EF-A496-5904EB18DA55} |
| Distributed System	                        | {F135691A-BF7E-435D-8960-F99683D2D49C} |
| Dynamics 2012 AX C# in AOT	                | {BF6F8E12-879D-49E7-ADF0-5503146B24B8} |
| F#	                                        | {F2A71F9B-5D33-465A-A702-920D77279786} |
| J#	                                        | {E6FDF86B-F3D1-11D4-8576-0002A516ECE8} |
| Legacy (2003) Smart Device (C#)	            | {20D4826A-C6FA-45DB-90F4-C717570B9F32} |
| Legacy (2003) Smart Device (VB.NET)	        | {CB4CE8C6-1BDB-4DC7-A4D3-65A1999772F8} |
| Model-View-Controller v2 (MVC 2)	            | {F85E285D-A4E0-4152-9332-AB1D724D3325} |
| Model-View-Controller v3 (MVC 3)	            | {E53F8FEA-EAE0-44A6-8774-FFD645390401} |
| Model-View-Controller v4 (MVC 4)	            | {E3E379DF-F4C6-4180-9B81-6769533ABE47} |
| Model-View-Controller v5 (MVC 5)	            | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| Mono for Android	                            | {EFBA0AD7-5A72-4C68-AF49-83D382785DCF} |
| MonoTouch	                                    | {6BC8ED88-2882-458C-8E55-DFD12B67127B} |
| MonoTouch Binding	                            | {F5B4F3BC-B597-4E2B-B552-EF5D8A32436F} |
| Portable Class Library	                    | {786C830F-07A1-408B-BD7F-6EE04809D6DB} |
| SharePoint (C#)	                            | {593B0543-81F6-4436-BA1E-4747859CAAE2} |
| SharePoint (VB.NET)	                        | {EC05E597-79D4-47f3-ADA0-324C4F7C7484} |
| SharePoint Workflow	                        | {F8810EC1-6754-47FC-A15F-DFABD2E3FA90} |
| Silverlight	                                | {A1591282-1198-4647-A2B1-27E5FF5F6F3B} |
| Smart Device (C#)	                            | {4D628B5B-2FBC-4AA6-8C16-197242AEB884} |
| Smart Device (VB.NET)	                        | {68B1623D-7FB9-47D8-8664-7ECEA3297D4F} |
| Solution Folder	                            | {2150E333-8FDC-42A3-9474-1A3956D46DE8} |
| Test	                                        | {3AC096D0-A1C2-E12C-1390-A8335801FDAB} |
| VB.NET	                                    | {F184B08F-C81C-45F6-A57F-5ABD9991F28F} |
| Visual Database Tools	                        | {C252FEB5-A946-4202-B1D4-9916A0590387} |
| Visual Studio Extensibility (VSIX)            | {82B43B9B-A64C-4715-B499-D71E9CA2BD60} |
| Visual Studio Tools for Applications (VSTA)	| {A860303F-1F3F-4691-B57E-529FC101A107} |
| Visual Studio Tools for Office (VSTO)	        | {BAA0C2D2-18E2-41B9-852F-F413020CAA33} |
| Web Application	                            | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| Web Site	                                    | {E24C65DC-7377-472B-9ABA-BC803B73C61A} |
| Windows (C#)	                                | {FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC} |
| Windows (VB.NET)	                            | {F184B08F-C81C-45F6-A57F-5ABD9991F28F} |
| Windows (Visual C++)	                        | {8BC9CEB8-8B4A-11D0-8D11-00A0C91BC942} |
| Windows Communication Foundation (WCF)	    | {3D9AD99F-2412-4246-B90B-4EAA41C64699} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 Blank/Hub/Webview App	    | {76F1466A-8B6D-4E39-A767-685A06062A39} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 App (C#)	                | {C089C8C0-30E0-4E22-80C0-CE093F111A43} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 App (VB.NET)	            | {DB03555F-0C8B-43BE-9FF9-57896B3C5E56} |
| Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF)	        | {60DC8134-EBA5-43B8-BCC9-BB4BC16C2548} |
| Windows Store (Metro) Apps & Components	    | {BC8A1FFA-BEE3-4634-8014-F334798102B3} |
| Workflow (C#)	                                | {14822709-B5A1-4724-98CA-57A101D1B079} |
| Workflow (VB.NET)	                            | {D59BE175-2ED0-4C54-BE3D-CDAA9F3214C8} |
| Workflow Foundation	                        | {32F31D43-81CC-4C15-9DE6-3FC5453562B6} |
| Xamarin.Android	                            | {EFBA0AD7-5A72-4C68-AF49-83D382785DCF} |
| Xamarin.iOS	                                | {6BC8ED88-2882-458C-8E55-DFD12B67127B} |
| XNA (Windows)	                                | {6D335F3A-9D43-41b4-9D22-F6F17C4BE596} |
| XNA (XBox)	                                | {2DF5C3F4-5A5F-47a9-8E94-23B4456F55E2} |
| XNA (Zune)	                                | {D399B71A-8929-442a-A9AC-8BEC78BB2433} |

Commit message:

revamp solution asts and parsers

Reference.md, after:

## Solution File Reference

[The differences between Solution build configurations and Project build configurations](http://jimmyscorner.com/archives/51/the-differences-between-solution-build-configurations-and-project-build-configurations)


## Visual Studio ProjectType GUIDs


|:----------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------:|               
| ASP.NET MVC 1	                                | {603C0E0B-DB56-11DC-BE95-000D561079B0} |
| ASP.NET MVC 2	                                | {F85E285D-A4E0-4152-9332-AB1D724D3325} |
| ASP.NET MVC 3	                                | {E53F8FEA-EAE0-44A6-8774-FFD645390401} |
| ASP.NET MVC 4	                                | {E3E379DF-F4C6-4180-9B81-6769533ABE47} |
| ASP.NET MVC 5	                                | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| C#	                                        | {FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC} |
| C++	                                        | {8BC9CEB8-8B4A-11D0-8D11-00A0C91BC942} |
| Database	                                    | {A9ACE9BB-CECE-4E62-9AA4-C7E7C5BD2124} |
| Database (other project types)	            | {4F174C21-8C12-11D0-8340-0000F80270F8} |
| Deployment Cab	                            | {3EA9E505-35AC-4774-B492-AD1749C4943A} |
| Deployment Merge Module	                    | {06A35CCD-C46D-44D5-987B-CF40FF872267} |
| Deployment Setup	                            | {978C614F-708E-4E1A-B201-565925725DBA} |
| Deployment Smart Device Cab	                | {AB322303-2255-48EF-A496-5904EB18DA55} |
| Distributed System	                        | {F135691A-BF7E-435D-8960-F99683D2D49C} |
| Dynamics 2012 AX C# in AOT	                | {BF6F8E12-879D-49E7-ADF0-5503146B24B8} |
| F#	                                        | {F2A71F9B-5D33-465A-A702-920D77279786} |
| J#	                                        | {E6FDF86B-F3D1-11D4-8576-0002A516ECE8} |
| Legacy (2003) Smart Device (C#)	            | {20D4826A-C6FA-45DB-90F4-C717570B9F32} |
| Legacy (2003) Smart Device (VB.NET)	        | {CB4CE8C6-1BDB-4DC7-A4D3-65A1999772F8} |
| Model-View-Controller v2 (MVC 2)	            | {F85E285D-A4E0-4152-9332-AB1D724D3325} |
| Model-View-Controller v3 (MVC 3)	            | {E53F8FEA-EAE0-44A6-8774-FFD645390401} |
| Model-View-Controller v4 (MVC 4)	            | {E3E379DF-F4C6-4180-9B81-6769533ABE47} |
| Model-View-Controller v5 (MVC 5)	            | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| Mono for Android	                            | {EFBA0AD7-5A72-4C68-AF49-83D382785DCF} |
| MonoTouch	                                    | {6BC8ED88-2882-458C-8E55-DFD12B67127B} |
| MonoTouch Binding	                            | {F5B4F3BC-B597-4E2B-B552-EF5D8A32436F} |
| Portable Class Library	                    | {786C830F-07A1-408B-BD7F-6EE04809D6DB} |
| SharePoint (C#)	                            | {593B0543-81F6-4436-BA1E-4747859CAAE2} |
| SharePoint (VB.NET)	                        | {EC05E597-79D4-47f3-ADA0-324C4F7C7484} |
| SharePoint Workflow	                        | {F8810EC1-6754-47FC-A15F-DFABD2E3FA90} |
| Silverlight	                                | {A1591282-1198-4647-A2B1-27E5FF5F6F3B} |
| Smart Device (C#)	                            | {4D628B5B-2FBC-4AA6-8C16-197242AEB884} |
| Smart Device (VB.NET)	                        | {68B1623D-7FB9-47D8-8664-7ECEA3297D4F} |
| Solution Folder	                            | {2150E333-8FDC-42A3-9474-1A3956D46DE8} |
| Test	                                        | {3AC096D0-A1C2-E12C-1390-A8335801FDAB} |
| VB.NET	                                    | {F184B08F-C81C-45F6-A57F-5ABD9991F28F} |
| Visual Database Tools	                        | {C252FEB5-A946-4202-B1D4-9916A0590387} |
| Visual Studio Extensibility (VSIX)            | {82B43B9B-A64C-4715-B499-D71E9CA2BD60} |
| Visual Studio Tools for Applications (VSTA)	| {A860303F-1F3F-4691-B57E-529FC101A107} |
| Visual Studio Tools for Office (VSTO)	        | {BAA0C2D2-18E2-41B9-852F-F413020CAA33} |
| Web Application	                            | {349C5851-65DF-11DA-9384-00065B846F21} |
| Web Site	                                    | {E24C65DC-7377-472B-9ABA-BC803B73C61A} |
| Windows (C#)	                                | {FAE04EC0-301F-11D3-BF4B-00C04F79EFBC} |
| Windows (VB.NET)	                            | {F184B08F-C81C-45F6-A57F-5ABD9991F28F} |
| Windows (Visual C++)	                        | {8BC9CEB8-8B4A-11D0-8D11-00A0C91BC942} |
| Windows Communication Foundation (WCF)	    | {3D9AD99F-2412-4246-B90B-4EAA41C64699} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 Blank/Hub/Webview App	    | {76F1466A-8B6D-4E39-A767-685A06062A39} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 App (C#)	                | {C089C8C0-30E0-4E22-80C0-CE093F111A43} |
| Windows Phone 8/8.1 App (VB.NET)	            | {DB03555F-0C8B-43BE-9FF9-57896B3C5E56} |
| Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF)	        | {60DC8134-EBA5-43B8-BCC9-BB4BC16C2548} |
| Windows Store (Metro) Apps & Components	    | {BC8A1FFA-BEE3-4634-8014-F334798102B3} |
| Workflow (C#)	                                | {14822709-B5A1-4724-98CA-57A101D1B079} |
| Workflow (VB.NET)	                            | {D59BE175-2ED0-4C54-BE3D-CDAA9F3214C8} |
| Workflow Foundation	                        | {32F31D43-81CC-4C15-9DE6-3FC5453562B6} |
| Xamarin.Android	                            | {EFBA0AD7-5A72-4C68-AF49-83D382785DCF} |
| Xamarin.iOS	                                | {6BC8ED88-2882-458C-8E55-DFD12B67127B} |
| XNA (Windows)	                                | {6D335F3A-9D43-41b4-9D22-F6F17C4BE596} |
| XNA (XBox)	                                | {2DF5C3F4-5A5F-47a9-8E94-23B4456F55E2} |
| XNA (Zune)	                                | {D399B71A-8929-442a-A9AC-8BEC78BB2433} |
